# NCKU_DIC_Design  

### Homework 1: Median Finders Using Comparator2  
This homework focuses on designing digital modules to implement a median finder circuit using hierarchical design. In this homework, you are requested to design a dual-input Comparator2 circuit, which determines the maximum and minimum value among two input 4-bit numbers. The dual-input Comparator2 circuit is then used to construct larger modules to determine median value for higher amounts of input number.  

### Homework 2: LCD Controller
The task requires completing the Image Display Control Circuit (LCD_CTRL circuit). The input grayscale image is stored in the input image ROM module (IROM) on the Host side. The LCD_CTRL circuit must read grayscale image data from the IROM memory module on the Host side and perform the following operations as required: I. Shift – Horizontal and vertical translation II. Max – Retrieve the maximum value of the image data III. Min – Retrieve the minimum value of the image data IV. Average – Compute the average of the image data After processing, the results must be written to the output image RAM module (IRAM) on the Host side. Once the entire image processing is complete, the done signal should be set High, and the system will then verify the correctness of the processed image data. The circuit signal definitions and LCD_CTRL operation methods are detailed in the following sections.

### Homework 3: Fast Fourier Transform
The goal of this assignment is to design a circuit that converts time-domain signals into frequency-domain signals. The input is a time-domain signal that has passed through an FIR filter. After being processed by multiple butterfly units, it is converted into a frequency-domain signal.  

### Homework 4: Atrous Convolution with Bus Interface
Atrous convolution is a technique that expands the kernel by inserting holes between its consecutive elements. In simpler terms, it is a special type of convolution that involves pixel skipping to expand the receptive field without increasing parameters. For example, a 3x3 atrous convolution kernel with the hyperparameter dilation=2 can have the same receptive field as a 5x5 regular convolution kernel. By altering the hyperparameter dilation, atrous convolution can capture features at multiple scales. Moreover, atrous convolution can reduce the spatial resolution loss compared with regular convolution. Atrous convolutions have been used successfully in various applications, such as semantic segmentation, where a larger context is needed to classify each pixel, and audio processing, where the network needs to learn patterns with longer time dependencies. In this homework, you are requested to design a two-layered atrous convolutional circuit. The effect of the atrous convolution layer is shown in Figure 1. The input image size is fixed as 64x64. Layer 0 consists of padding, atrous convolution, and ReLU operations. While Layer 1 scales the feature map from Layer 0 to the size of the output image (32x32) with the max-pooling operation, and rounds up the results to the nearest integers. More detailed circuit functionalities will be described in the subsequent sections. After finishing the atrous convolution circuit, an AXI-liked bus interface is asked to be design to connect the atrous convolution circuit with other three slave interfaces. The system contains a master interface, a 16-bit AXI-liked bus, and three slave interfaces which is one image ROM and two SRAM.

### Homework 5: Max Convex Hull
This homework focuses on designing an algorithm to compute the area of the largest convex polygon that can be formed from a fixed set of 20 points in 2D space. You are required to read in 20 distinct 2D coordinates, determine the convex polygon that encloses all the points (i.e., the convex hull), and calculate the area of that polygon.
